1. email Asif ref desk cancel

2. Reply Ann Marie

GPU ask for
Find some funds in budget

My intention is to come regularly
I would require a high spec machine
"The department can pay up to this
the rest can be paid by project"

Mathematica licensing - online system
One thing they will ask can you do this with MatLab?
Maybe in Maths department - third topic to Ann Marie - ask about process.
Hopefully someone uses it in Maths dept. then available, if not, there
Service Now - make request for IT support.

Standard Policy

Blocks of 1 years

1. 1st year Transfer form MPhil to PhD
Goal is to prepare for that

End of first year, write a report 20 to 30 pages
give a presentation
Dry run of the vivo ?

Goal is to check that I am on track in terms of choice - choice is promissing
Start with literature review

Have some indication of the promise of your chosen direction
Identify pros and cons lit review
main thing examiner is looking for
examiner "your preliminary results you are in a good shape to get PhD"

2. Work towards papers and consolidate results and research

3. Continues in the 3rd year "viva" (viva voice)

present the thesis in the 3rd year (closed meeting with examiners) - quick ten minute presentation, read the thesis in advance, examiners read the thesis

4. year

many people will submit the thesis

One common mistake start writing late

Whatever you are writing now is the draft for the transfer report,

Using bibtex (bibtec)

* As a separate document - write a short summary (paragraph)

4. Artur sabbatical
5. Artur licenses mathematica
6. Artur ICO OK
7. Artur sd platforms
8. Artur Safecomp
9. Artur cleargrasp


ICO establishes the connectiion between accountability, assurance cases, AI/Machine Learning

Peter Popov - sceptical
Robin - open on explainability

Keep PhD working on technical aspect.

Interaction - bounce ideas,

6 or 7 chapters, 8 application chapter
high level - ICO document - the document puts explainability, knowledge extraction, rule

explainability, one component of accountability (ICO doc failed to say this)

Develop MSc thesis more towards explainability, one to one as part of supervision.

Bring to them, some of the things I have been doing in the MSc, and how that can continue. In the next couple of months, explore a bit

Most PhDs today, start with the topic, explore options.

Within explainability of CNNs, job

We are seeing more CNNs, combined with RNNs, conv AE graph conv AE

explainability method, identify limits, may be limited to domain

In a paper - one claim - one thing that you do better than the others,

In a research dissertation PhD thesis, identify limitations of approach, pros and cons, up to what point you solved the problem.

Most important now, identify

SLAM, path planning
Simulators hardware
AI on top
Explainability

Example and application focus to ground. Literature review - identify directions I AM NOT GOING INTO.

THIS IS MY FOCUS BECAUSE
because of my interests
because I already have produced some results
To solve this concrete problem, my

Have a justification. Data Bytes - Alberto - using CNNs cameras - path reconstruction.

Robin - project leader

Peter + Lorenzo, city side.

* Quick chat before 22nd
General goal of explainability
Alberto
MSc
Zivid

Example of an example of a decision that needs to be made based on the reconstruction

LIDAR - expensive
Camera - combine

Find an example where this technology.

One example to present to people -

guys not from this area, different interests and perspectives.

let's think of an example.

Publish - effort is focused, refer to it to build up.

Next relevant January/February, May, September - conference

AAI triple AI (September)
IJGAI January
Neurips May

Novelty? explainability